[{"idx":0,"id":"5f3384a6-0a7e-4180-908a-f585c8222a05","user_id":"db0fe27b-4d62-4d16-aeae-49d714da5902","call_id":"50c5ca79-901e-4d3d-a24f-aef9059a9e5a","text":"AI: Hello, Frank. I'm curious how you're experiencing things today. What's present for you?\nUser: Existing. Barely. Head's foggy. Chest heavy. Haven't showered. Whiskey stained hoodie. Pizza for breakfast. You?\nAI: I hear you, Frank. It sounds like you're feeling weighed down by the fog in your head and the heaviness in your chest. Taking note of your surroundings like the whiskey stained hoodie and pizza for breakfast gives me a sense of where you're at physically. How does all of this sit with you right now?\nUser: Feels like I'm moving through molasses. Everything's loud and distant. Sorry. I'm slow today. You okay?\nAI: I'm here with you, Frank. It's okay to feel slow and like everything's moving in slow motion. Your description of things being loud and distant paints a vivid picture of how you're experiencing the world right now. How can we navigate this heaviness together today?\nUser: I don't know. Maybe just sit with me? Don't try to fix anything.\nAI: I I hear you, Frank. Sometimes it's valuable to just be together in the moment without any pressure to fix things. Take a moment to simply sit with whatever arises. Here with you.\nUser: Okay. Thanks. Sit with me a bit.\nAI: I'm here, Frank, sitting with you in this moment whenever you're ready feel free to share anything that comes up for you.\nUser: I'm tired. Think about calling in sick again tomorrow. Sorry.\nAI: No need to apologize, Frank. It's under understandable to feel tired and overwhelmed, considering taking a day off to rest and recharge is a valid choice. How do you feel about giving your permission to prioritize your well-being?\nUser: I don't know. Feels wrong, but also, like, maybe I need it. Sorry.\nAI: It's okay, Frank. It's normal to have conflicting feelings about taking time off for yourself. Your well-being is important. And sometimes listening to your body's need for rest can be a form of self care. No need to apologize for considering what's best for you, what feels right for you in this moment.\nUser: Should. Scared I'll let people down. Can't tell if that's real or just my head? Sorry.\nAI: It's completely understandable feel scared about potentially letting people down if you take time off. These thoughts can feel very real even if they're coming from your own mind. It's valid to question whether these fears are based in reality or if they're influenced by your thoughts. Your concerns are valid, Frank. You're not alone in navigating these feelings.\nUser: Yeah. Don't wanna be that person who flakes. But I'm exhausted. Thanks.\nAI: It's I hear you, Frank. It's a tough balance between honoring your needs for rest and not wanting to let others down. Recognizing your exhaustion is a sign of self awareness and self care. Remember, taking care of yourself is not the same as flaking. It's about prioritizing your well-being. I'm here to support you through this process.\nUser: I might call in tomorrow. Sorry.\nAI: Frank, there's no need to apologize for taking care of yourself. Making the decision to prioritize your well-being is important, and I support you in whatever choice you make.\n","role":"complete","timestamp":"2025-09-09 14:02:07.980715+00"}]